Q: How old is Zakir?
A: He’s 24 years old

Q: How would you define a pipeline?
A: It’s something cumbersome potentially

Q: What is the best color in the world?
A: Purple

Q: What do 24 year olds do?
A: They sleep

1. Question: Where does Rubeus Hagrid first tell Harry that he’s a wizard?

Answer: In a hut on a rock

2. Question: What does Harry do to impress Professor McGonagall enough that she gets him on the Gryffindor Quidditch team?

Answer: Catches Neville Longbottom’s Remembrall

3. Question: Which puzzle guarding the Sorcerer’s Stone does Hermione Granger solve?

Answer: Professor Snape’s logic puzzle with potion bottles

4. Question: Which mischievous character from the books did not feature in the movies?

Answer: Peeves the Poltergeist

5. Question: The Hogwarts motto is “Draco dormiens nunquan titillandus.” What does it mean?

Answer: “Never tickle a sleeping dragon.”

6. Question: Who played Professor Dumbledore in the first movie?

Answer: Richard Harris

7. Question: What is the title of this book and movie everywhere except in the United States?

Answer: Harry Potter and the Philosopher’s Stone

8. Question: Who discovered the 12 uses for dragon blood?

Answer: Professor Dumbledore

9. Question: In what year was the book Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone released in the United States?

Answer: 1998

10. Question: How many presents did Dudley Dursley receive on his birthday in total?

Answer: 38. It was 36 (one less than last year), but then Mrs. Dursley bought him two new presents to make up for it.

11. Question: What was the Fat Lady’s password to get into the Gryffindor common room?

Answer: Caput Draconis

12. Question: What is the first line of the book?

Answer: “Mr. and Mrs. Dursley, of number four, Privet Drive, were proud to say that they were perfectly normal, thank you very much.”

13. Question: Where does Harry Potter first see Draco Malfoy?

Answer: In Madame Malkin’s Robes for All Occasions

14. Question: What do Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia give Harry for Christmas?

Answer: A 50-pence piece

15. Question: This real-life library served as the restricted section of the Hogwarts library in the film version. Which is it?

Answer: The Bodleian Library at Oxford University

16. Question: In the movie, Professor McGonagall explains the origins of the Chamber of Secrets. Who does it in the book?

Answer: Professor Binns, the history teacher (who is also a ghost)

17. Question: Why does Neville Longbottom faint in Herbology class?

Answer: His earmuffs were loose, so he heard the cry of the baby mandrake.

18. Question: On what date do the Weasleys rescue Harry from number four, Privet Drive?

Answer: July 31—his birthday, of course!

19. Question: Who removes all the bones from Harry’s arm?

Answer: Gilderoy Lockhart

20. Question:When Harry, Ron and Hermione make Polyjuice Potion, who steals the ingredients from Professor Snape’s office?

Answer: Hermione

21. Question: When Hermione Granger is found Petrified, she is not alone. Who is with her?

Answer: Penelope Clearwater

22. Question: What office does Arthur Weasley work for in the Ministry of Magic?

Answer: The Misuse of Muggle Artefacts Office

23. Question: How many Muggles see the flying Ford Anglia as Harry and Ron make their way to school?

Answer: Seven

24. Question: What is Gilderoy Lockhart’s favorite color?

Answer: Lilac

25. Question: What is the cure for being Petrified?

Answer: Mandrake root

26. Question: Who was headmaster or headmistress at Hogwarts when Tom Riddle was a student?

Answer: Armando Dippet

27. Question: What is Gilderoy Lockhart’s autobiography called?

Answer: Magical Me

28. Question: Where did Harry begin hearing the voice that no one else could hear?

Answer: In Professor Lockhart’s office